Create ui-c8y-1021-7-0-change-default-date-selection-option-in-widgets-to-dashboard-time-range.md (#2675)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-7-0-change-default-date-selection-option-in-widgets-to-dashboard-time-range.md

---
date: ""

> title: Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Changed default date selection option in widgets configuration
```

> title: Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7631)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Change default date selection option in widgets to dashboard time range
```

> title: Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7631)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61179
version: 1021.7.0
---

> Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7631)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default Date selection option for Data points graph, Data points table and Event list widgets is Dashboard time range instead of Widget configuration.
```

> Change default Date selection option in widgets to Dashboard time range. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7631)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, the default date selection option in widgets was set to a fixed time range, which could lead to inconsistencies between the dashboard time range and the data displayed in the widgets. With this change, the default date selection option in widgets now automatically adapts to the dashboard time range. This improves the user experience by ensuring that the data displayed in the widgets always matches the selected dashboard time range without requiring additional manual adjustments.
```

> Default Date selection option for Data points graph, Data points table and Event list widgets is Dashboard time range instead of Widget configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Data point graph", "Data point table", and "Event list" widgets configuration, the default option in the **Date selection** field has been changed from "Widget configuration" to "Dashboard time range".
```
